Update 21.11 info (#9)
open-eid/open-eid.github.io: ID_software_architecture_files/docs/index.md

# ARCHITECTURE OF ID-SOFTWARE

Document version: 2.4  

> Software version: 21.11  

Author: ```suggestion
Software version: 22.01  
```

**ID-software** is a collection of software components offering support for PKI-based functionality, i.e. operations with different cryptographic tokens (e.g. eID cards), handling digitally signed documents, file encryption/decryption and signing and authentication in web environment. The ID-software comprises end-user applications, software libraries, web components, drivers for communicating with the cryptographic tokens and other complementary components.

Main sources for information about ID-software are [www.id.ee](https://www.id.ee/en/), [Open-EID GitHub repository](https://github.com/open-eid) and [Web-eID GitHub repository](https://github.com/web-eid).

This document covers description of ID-software and its components, their deployment in different environments, provided and required interfaces. The document does not include components that have reached the end of their support nor the components that have not yet been released.

> The document is based on the latest released state of the ID-software components. At the time of writing, the latest released version of ID-software is **version 21.11**. Latest version numbers of the various ID-software components are provided at [https://www.id.ee/en/article/information-on-the-latest-software-versions/](https://www.id.ee/en/article/information-on-the-latest-software-versions/).

Author: ```suggestion
The document is based on the latest released state of the ID-software components. At the time of writing, the latest released version of ID-software is **version 22.01**. Latest version numbers of the various ID-software components are provided at [https://www.id.ee/en/article/information-on-the-latest-software-versions/](https://www.id.ee/en/article/information-on-the-latest-software-versions/).
```
